Feature/descw 2948 update kustomize structure (#79)
bcgov/naad-connector: deployments/kustomize/README.md

# Deployments

> The OpenShift deployment for Early Earthquake System (NAAD) which uses [kustomize](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/guides/introduction/kustomize/), and all commands are used from the root of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenShift deployment for Early Earthquake Warning System (NaadConnector) which uses [kustomize](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/guides/introduction/kustomize/), and all commands are used from the root of this repository.
```

Author: honestly i don't know i thought it was an error, but i will add it back in, it has no affect on functionality.

- Under the `deployments/kustomize` create a folder called `custom`, this folder is ignored by the github repository, and a developer can create a sample test deployment
- create a `deployments/kustomize/custom/kustomization.yaml` and add the sample `kustomization.yaml` and update the namespace to the OpenShift namespace where you are deploying the application
- create a `deployments/kustomize/custom/patch.yaml` and add the example patch, which adds 2 naad-sockets (defaults to only 1)
- using the oc command to deploy to openshift
  - login to OpenShift in your terminal
  - run `oc apply -k ./deployments/kustomize/custom/` to deploy to dev
  - run `oc delete -k ./deployments/kustomize/custom/` to remove the deployment to dev

## Application

### ENV

```bash
# Config

# default values for nad url and repo url, however the app will have logic to overwrite this info.
NAAD_URL=streaming1.naad-adna.pelmorex.com # will become deprecated
NAAD_REPO_URL=capcp1.naad-adna.pelmorex.com # will become deprecated 
# The path where the logs get stored, each log instance will create a subpath and the corresponding log files.
LOG_PATH=/var/log/app/naad/app.log
# info
LOG_LEVEL=info

> # 0 - no retention, > 0 number of days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 0 - unlimited retention, > 0 number of days
```
